Don't it rain?
Get lost because you are my granddaughter-in-law
I won't kill you.
Please don't rain in the sea.
Princess, leave me alone
Run away and leave me alone
This is the offering of the Sword Immortal Palace between the two of you
Hahahaha
Mr. Tang
No one can hurt in front of my grandfather
Master Xie, I beg you to let me go
As long as you let me go
I promise you everything
Promise anything
Good idea.
I heard you used to be the dance manager of the country.
Then you dance in front of everyone
My name is Mad Dog
Dance
OK
I jump wait
Did I make you dance like this?
Get naked and jump
Thanks for looking for you.
Oh, I would.
Grandpa killed this bastard Li Yuyang immediately
No I take it off
You want
Please.
If in order to survive
Then you
What kind of man
Tao Yi Die
Husband line
Is that okay?
Sword bone smoke burst